Problem Statement.

You have a bag filled with jelly beans of three different colors: pink, green, and yellow and 3 cups that cannot 
be moved arranged in a line in front of you. The end result should be that all the jelly beans have been removed 
from the bag and placed into cups. Each cup should only contain 1 color. The jelly beans should be placed into 
the cups so that the pile that is the smallest is on the left, and the pile that is the largest is on the right. 
Jelly beans cannot be placed anywhere except in the bag or in a cup.

What do I have to work with?

A bag filled with jelly beans of three different colors: pink, green, yellow.
Three cups that cannot be moved arranged in a line: Cup on the left, Cup on the right, Other cup between them.

What do I need to do?

1. Empty the bag of jelly beans into the three cups where each cup is a collection of jelly beans having the 
same color. One cup containing only pink jelly beans. One cup containing green. One cup containing yellow.
2. Move each collection (by color) of jelly beans in and out of the bag until the cup on the left has the jelly 
bean collection of least amount and the cup on the right has the jelly bean collection of most amount. The center 
cup having the final collect is of an amount between the that in the leftmost cup and that in the rightmost cup.

Other considerations?

1. We can assume that the bag of jelly beans is open and ready to pull a jellybean.
2. We can assume there is at least one pink, one green and one yellow jellybean in the bag.
2. We can assume that the three cups are initially empty.
3. We cannot assume there aren't at least two collections of jelly beans (having the same color) are of equal 
amount. If the equal collection represent the least amount, the rightmost cup will still contain the most; and
vice versa.
4. We can assume the process is such that no loss occurs when placing jelly beans either in the bag or in one of 
the three cups.

Procedure:
1. Pull a jellybean from the bag.
2. Push the jellybean into a cup.
   a. If there is a cup that has jellybeans of the same color as the one pulled, put the jellybean into that cup.
   b. Else if there is no cup that hans jellybeans of the same color as the one pulled, put the jellybean into 
   an empty cup.
3. Repeat steps 1 and 2 until there are no more jelly beans to pull from the bag.
4. Keep a tally of the number of jelly beans in each of the three cups.
5. Note which of the three cups has the least number of jellybeans in it.
   a. If the leftmost cup is not the cup with the least number, swap the leftmost cup with the cup of the least 
   number.
      1. Push the jellybeans of the leftmost cup back into the bag.
	  2. Push the jellybeans of the cup having the least number of jellybeans into the newly empty cup.
	  3. Push the jellybeans from the bag to the now empty cup.
6. Note which of the three cups has the greatest number of jellybeans in it.
   a. If the rightmost cup is not the cup with the greatest number, swap the rightmost cup with the cup of the 
   greatest number.
      1. Push the jellybeans of the rightmost cup back into the bag.
	  2. Push the jellybeans of the cup having the greater number of jellybeans into the newly empty cup.
	  3. Push the jellybeans from the bag to the now empty cup.



